Known null safety issues (#2948)
dart-lang/site-www: src/null-safety/index.md

[language version]: /guides/language/evolution#language-versioning

## Known issues

> Not all parts of the Dart SDK support null safety yet,
> as some parts still need additional work to

Reviewer: Maybe this (and then we can modify "issues" below to make clear that we're only going to talk about the Dart team's stuff):

```suggestion
Some parts of the Dart ecosystem still need additional work to
```

> [migrate to null safety](https://dart.dev/null-safety/migration-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[migrate to null safety](/null-safety/migration-guide).
```

> We're currently aware of the following issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dart team is currently aware of the following issues:
```

>   * Migration of the pub.dev packages owned by the Dart team

Reviewer: I wouldn't call these package part of the SDK. Should we broaden the intro?

Author: Sure. Dart platform? Or just Dart?

Reviewer: I made a couple of suggestions above that might help

    is nearly complete, but a few are still missing. See pub.dev for

>     [the current list](https://pub.dev/packages?q=publisher%3Adart.dev&null-safe=1).

Reviewer: It isn't clear what "the current list" is referring to.

```suggestion
    [null-safe packages from the Dart team][ns-dart-pkgs].

[ns-dart-pkgs]: {{site.pub-pkg}}?q=publisher%3Adart.dev&null-safe=1
```
